another very popular long-running
television show is reaching a milestone
this weekend on Sunday night the six
hundredth episode of The Simpsons
Treehouse of Horror twenty seven which
is amazing The Simpsons is one of the
greatest shows oh did you feel that
what's what's happening
duper TV be funnier hey stop that I want
to see singing in a car that's all
anyone wants to see hey Homer Simpson
are you with the IRS or Applebee's
security I don't think so
again this is great you know I've always
wanted to visit you here why are you
here to kill me oh god you're here to
kill me no I'm not here to kill you The
Simpsons are one of the most popular
families in the world I knew it in your
face Jesus family I'd love to see
Springfield come on I'll give you the 50
cent tour there's a nuclear power plant
I work at is that okay hey not my shift
Wow
Moe's it's even more depressing than I
imagined yeah it's direct sunlight ah
that's cute he's an alcoholic the
chalkboard and this is B me Maggie
if you drop her she'll get you back oh
how old is she I never ask a lady her
age
yeah but she's been a baby for a while
have you ever cleaned this pacifier hey
don't judge me just cuz I never washed a
pacifier or know how old my daughter is
all that matters is I love my family
very much that's him I put you my ticket
aah no aah
this was great Thank You Homer I have to
get back to the show now but I really
appreciate it what but you've only seen
a power plant explode once maybe next
time and if you ever need me I'll always
be in there hmm
TV a beautiful distraction from the
certainty of death by Homer by one of
the gym
the hospice owed 603 house of horror
2070 Sunday night on Fox
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy